README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img alt="making the most meaningful reality tv show" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/making-most-meaningful-reality-tv-show/making-the-most-meaningful-reality-tv-show/main/visual-assets/photos-001-to-300/002%20tv%20sets%20with%20streaming%20service%20logos%20and%20our%20mission%20text.jpg">
</p>

# Making The Most Meaningful Reality TV Show

🦇 global pandemic 🦇 unhealthy globalism 🦇 fake news 🦇 racial riots 🦇 religious riots 🦇 urban rural divide 🦇 job loss 🦇 life loss 🦇 cancel culture 🦇 shaming and silencing culture 🦇 addictive tech 🦇 addictive porn 🦇 lockdowns 🦇 loneliness 🦇 short attention span 🦇 depression 🦇 and more 🦇

^ In part, this is how the decade 2020 started for me and my friends.

^^ And for many other people around our planet.

WE MUST CHANGE THE VIBE 🎭 🎸 🎷 🎻 🎶 I for sure need to change mine. And so I am starting out on this journey of two thousand two hundred and twenty steps — and the mission of this journey is to create the most meaningful Reality TV Show, inspired by the mantra of vasudhaiva kutumbakam, entrepreneurship, and compassionate capitalism 🇮🇳 🇺🇸 ❤️

## Sorry, I Am Really Bad At ...

Hi,

My name is Sumeet Olivier, it used to be Sumeet Pareek, but as a husband I took my wife's lastname when we got married, and (( TODO what is the connection of that to making the most meaningful reality TV show )) (( TODO blog and/or video link here ))

I am writing this letter to you, despite being terrible at writting letters, because - (( TODO more context here ))

I suffer from severe ADHD, and for a very very long time now, I have jumped around from working on one idea to the other - (( TODO link of all things stated not finished ))

Maybe it is that I recently got married and feel good about responsibilites (wut!!), or maybe I am adulting all over again, or maybe I am going through a midlife crisis, or maybe it is just how insane the year 2020 has been, but for some reason there is this growing feeling — _Us millennials and generation-z folks must now rise to today's challenges — Just like the great generations before us had to — But differently._

(( TODO more context of team here ))

Let us call ourselves TEAM (( COME UP WITH A COOL NAME LATER )). Our mission is to create the most meaningful Reality TV Show, inspired by the mantra of vasudhaiva kutumbakam, entrepreneurship, and compassionate capitalism 🇮🇳 🇺🇸 ❤️

(( todo should these other parts be there )) — think :heart: vasudhaiva kutumbakam :heart: self-discipline :heart: art and entrepreneurship :heart: compassionate capitalism :heart: coding and open source :heart: america and india :heart: ideas of hindu dharma :heart: church and mosque communities :heart: hard work and house parties :heart: hitchhiking and travel :heart: urban, suburban, and rural america :heart: and more :heart:

Let us team up and create this thing. Solve a problem. Solve it quick. And change the vibe for rest of the decade 2020.

## Solve A Problem

(( todo add meme here ))

## Solve It Quick

(( todo add meme here ))

## Change The Vibe

(( todo add meme here ))

# Learn More & Consider Applying

In our show we will —

- _build a small team; of young millennials and gen-z folks_
- _build a small business; that helps everyone appreciate their large, diverse, and imperfect family_

(( TODO add list of episodes and the apply button here ))

Commit message:

Uses the blue title image and simplified mission and letter start

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img alt="making the most meaningful reality tv show" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/making-most-meaningful-reality-tv-show/making-the-most-meaningful-reality-tv-show/main/visual-assets/photos-001-to-300/003%20tv%20sets%20with%20streaming%20service%20logos%20and%20our%20mission%20text%20blue.jpg">
</p>

# Making The Most Meaningful Reality TV Show

🦇 global pandemic 🦇 unhealthy globalism 🦇 fake news 🦇 racial riots 🦇 religious riots 🦇 urban rural divide 🦇 loss of job 🦇 loss of life 🦇 cancel culture 🦇 shaming and silencing culture 🦇 addictive tech 🦇 addictive porn 🦇 lockdowns 🦇 loneliness 🦇 short attention span 🦇 depression 🦇 and more 🦇

^ This is how decade 2020 started off, for me and my friends, and for many other people around our planet.

We must change the vibe.

I for sure need to change my vibe, for which there is a secret personal reason as well, and so, I am setting out on this journey, a journey of _atleast_ two thousand two hundred and twenty steps, and a simple idea to help with directions — Mission of this journey is to create the most meaningful reality tv show, inspired by the mantra of vasudhaiva kutumbakam, artsy entrepreneurship, and compassionate capitalism 🇮🇳 🇺🇸 ❤️

Allow me to start with an open letter, addressed to yet unknown future applicants, of the most meaningful reality tv show.

## Open Letter To Applicants

Dear applicant,

Hello. Namaste. Trust all is well.

My name is Sumeet Olivier, it used to be Sumeet Pareek, but I recently got married, and as a husband I adopted my wife's lastname as my own. (( TODO what is the connection of that to making the most meaningful reality TV show )) (( TODO blog and/or video link here ))

I am writing this letter to you, despite being terrible at writting letters, because - (( TODO more context here ))

I suffer from severe ADHD, and for a very very long time now, I have jumped around from working on one idea to the other - (( TODO link of all things stated not finished ))

Maybe it is that I recently got married and feel good about responsibilites (wut!!), or maybe I am adulting all over again, or maybe I am going through a midlife crisis, or maybe it is just how insane the year 2020 has been, but for some reason there is this growing feeling — _Us millennials and generation-z folks must now rise to today's challenges — Just like the great generations before us had to — But differently._

(( TODO more context of team here ))

Let us call ourselves TEAM (( COME UP WITH A COOL NAME LATER )). Our mission is to create the most meaningful Reality TV Show, inspired by the mantra of vasudhaiva kutumbakam, entrepreneurship, and compassionate capitalism 🇮🇳 🇺🇸 ❤️

(( todo should these other parts be there )) — think :heart: vasudhaiva kutumbakam :heart: self-discipline :heart: art and entrepreneurship :heart: compassionate capitalism :heart: coding and open source :heart: america and india :heart: ideas of hindu dharma :heart: church and mosque communities :heart: hard work and house parties :heart: hitchhiking and travel :heart: urban, suburban, and rural america :heart: and more :heart:

Let us team up and create this thing. Solve a problem. Solve it quick. And change the vibe for rest of the decade 2020.

## Solve A Problem

(( todo add meme here ))

## Solve It Quick

(( todo add meme here ))

## Change The Vibe

(( todo add meme here ))

# Learn More & Consider Applying

In our show we will —

- _build a small team; of young millennials and gen-z folks_
- _build a small business; that helps everyone appreciate their large, diverse, and imperfect family_

(( TODO add list of episodes and the apply button here ))
